Hi there, I'm going to show you one of the most popular ways to tie a tie.
Using the Windsor knot Also known as a double Windsor
of full windsor. Start with your collar up and the tie around your neck. If you're right-handed...
Hold the wide end in your right hand and the narrow end in your left hand.
It's important to remember that the longer you make the wide end, the lower the tie will hang when you've finished.
Basically, you'll want to line up your tyre like this. If you remember this, you'll save yourself a lot of time later on.
Now, cross each end over, wide end over the top.
and leave about this much on the narrow end, that's about 4 inches or 10 centimetres.
With your left hand, take the wide end, thread it through
the back of this opening from behind. Thread it all the way through like this.

Now take the wide end, and with your left hand, round it out.
it all the way around the back like this. Switch hands. Notice here how
the back of the tie is facing outward.
Taking the wide end now in your right hand, thread it through the front of this opening. We're going through the front.
front and down this time. Thread it through all the way down like this. Alright!
The hardest part's now done. The rest is easy. What you can see here is the inside of your knot.
look a bit like a triangle. Put your left index finger on the knot like this.
and keep it there. With your other hand, wrap the wide end around the knot from right to left.
lift, and then grab it from behind. Keep your index finger where it is.
With your right hand, push the wide end through this opening.
opening again from the back so we're coming up and through the back like this threading it through the hole
Alright, here comes the punchline.
Your index finger has created a little tunnel, what you need to do now is thread the tie down
through the tunnel, and pull it down. The last tip...
now is to adjust and tighten it, alternating between the long end and the short end, gradually
Pulling the knot up, shaping it as you go, until it's just how you want it to be. A sharp circle.
symmetrical triangular knot. Pull your collar down and bingo!
full Windsor knot. Thank you for watching. I hope you found this helpful.
you
